h1. Voxeo Labs Moho

h2. Overview

h2. How to Install

p. Moho projects are built using Maven. To build it, simply follow these steps:

* Verify that Maven has been installed in your box. you can do this by running the command <code>mvn --version</code> in a terminal. 
* If Maven has been installed, it should print out your installed version of Maven. If not, please install Maven first, refer to "Maven site":http://maven.apache.org/index.html.
* Now you can run Maven to build Moho projects. Run <code>mvn package</code> to build the project and package the jars.

h2. How to Use

p. Moho is designed to run on any platform that supports JSR 289 and JSR 309. "Voxeo Prism":http://voxeo.com/prism is recommended and has Moho included by default.

p. To run Moho applications on "Voxeo Prism":http://voxeo.com/prism, simply deploy any Moho application package to Prism's app directory. Please note that unless you deploy a custom application router to "Voxeo Prism":http://voxeo.com/prism, only one Moho application can be deployed and run at any time.

h2. License

p. Moho is released under Apache 2 license. Please refer to "Apache 2.0 License":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 for details.

h2. About Voxeo Corporation

p. Voxeo unlocks communications. We loathe the locks that make voice, SMS, instant messaging, Twitter, web chat, and mobile web unified communication and self-service applications difficult to create, manage, analyze, optimize and afford. Every day we work to unlock the neglected value of these communications solutions with open standards, disruptive innovation and a passion for problem solving--fueled by a company-wide obsession with customer success. We do so for more than 100,000 developers, 45,000 companies and half of the Fortune 100 from our headquarters in Orlando, Beijing, Cologne, and London. 

p. Visit us or join our conversations on the web at "blogs.voxeo.com":http://blogs.voxeo.com or on Twitter "@voxeo":http://twitter.com/voxeo.
